when they're tough circumstances coming up. I don't think it does anybody
any good to sugar coat or to shield them from what is expected,
I think laying out the good and the bad eyes important. I heard a story
from a normal Gortney who talked about, um, aircraft when it comes
in and as he's talking about junior officers flying the the F 18
and he wants to know not just the capabilities, the positive capabilities
of the aircraft, but whatever the negative things that we need
to address. And so what we're doing is talking about something large
inspections or some big task at hand. I think we need to know the
shortcomings so we can address those honestly and get those up front.